my child was fairly normal. I had to immigrant parents. One who was from
France and my father's family was from Holland. He and, uh, whose
middle class He was a police officer my entire life where my mother
was a translator in a welding company, Miller Electric. I have two
older brothers, 10 years in about eight years, and they were pretty
much out of the house by the time I was in my formative years. And so
it was a pretty normal situation in a small town where I knew everybody
and went to school with the same people from kindergarten to high
school, which is actually one of the reasons which drew me to want
to leave and explore and try something else in the military.